I bah
Just Lin Wenwen's stupid and stupid pet
What other Olympic shortlist did he make?
Are you making an international joke?
I see.
Do you think our family is rich now?
Want to cling to us
Ouch, even so
Can you find a more reliable reason?
What's more, Lin Wenwen's money-losing product
Even our family
Aotian's finger can't compare to it
Even if he was really shortlisted?
The Olympic shortlist
We don't look up to him.
It's just mom, I'm not lying
Smell him really oh okay okay I know
Hey
You just watched Aotian become the champion
You are not balanced
Ouch, I just want to brag and find some balance
Even if you want to brag
Can you pick a more reliable reason to blow it?
A guy like you can only brag
You can't do anything at all?
Fortunately, my daughter divorced you in the first place
Otherwise, where would our Liu family get such incredible wealth?
Mom, I kindly invite you
How can you say that about me and Wenwen?
I said so what happened to him?
He eats by himself like a pig
No one can say anything about him
Stupid and stupid like him
Whether there will be a man in the future is a question
Oops want me to say
He's not too young.
What else do you go to?
You let him come down quickly
I quickly found someone to marry while I was young
Well, you can also receive some bride price money.
Don't forget to raise him for so many years